gh-123476: Add support for existing TCP_QUICKACK socket setting to Windows (#123478)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Windows/2024-08-29-16-13-45.gh-issue-123476.m2DFS4.rst

> Setting socket option TCP_QUICKACK is now also possible on Windows, in addition to Linux.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add support for ``socket.TCP_QUICKACK`` on Windows platforms.
```

You should document the availability in `socket.rst` as well (if needed).

Author: TCP_QUICKACK is actually not mentioned in socket.rst at all.  Neither is the related TCP_NODELAY.  I can attempt to add them if you would like.

Author: I have added documentation to socket.rst announcing the availability of this option on Python Windows runtime following existing examples, but am unsure what release version this PR would go into and so left the version number as "?.?".  Will need input on that :)

Setting socket option TCP_QUICKACK is now also possible on Windows, in addition to Linux.

> example: sock.setsockopt(socket.IPPROTO_TCP, socket.TCP_QUICKACK, 1)

Reviewer 2: Please remove the example.

Author: done
